Update prefix table information (#1892)
PrestaShop/docs: development/database/_index.md

## The database structure

Before PrestaShop 9 and by default, PrestaShop’s database tables start with the `ps_` prefix. This can be customized during installation

> Since PrestaShop 9, prefix is now randomize by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since PrestaShop 9, prefix is randomized by default.
```
